# CS255-System-Analysis-and-Design

  DriverPass aims to streamline the process for student drivers preparing for their driving exams. The proposed website will enable customers to create accounts, buy study packages, take online exams, and book practice sessions. Additionally, it will allow employees to purchase packages and schedule appointments for customers. Throughout the work needed on the DriverPass system I think my best work came in creating visuals for the information needed through the diagrams that allowed a better understanding of the relationships and functions of the system, as shown in the system design document. If there was one part of these documents that I would revise I believe that I could have gone in further detail regarding the assumptions and limitations in the Business requirements document, such as including further hardware and software limitations. I understood the users' needs by reviewing the technical details and reading through the provided transcripts. I made simple use case scenarios and diagrams to see what they needed more clearly. Then, I adjusted these needs to what can actually be done on a website, making sure to focus on what's most important for the users, as they're the main ones using the site. Techniques and strategies that I would use in the future to analyze and design a system would include further consideration of both functional and non-functional requirements which greatly aided in software design. Creating use case, UML, and Gantt diagrams proved effective for visualizing and conveying the application's intended functionality to others especially shareholders in a less technical format.
